So back in our page.svelte file,
we're gonna add a hero component.
Let's create that component.
Just do it right here
where it's being used.
And hero is gonna take a movie prop.
At the lang equals ts, and
the prop is gonna be
of type MovieDetails.
Just let VS code auto import that for us.
Okay, so the first thing we're
gonna do is create an a link for
the movie with an A element.
I'm going to pass in the movie.id.
Then inside there, we're going to add
the backdrop image for the movie.
Now the source of the images
when we're dealing with
the movie database needs to come
from their own image server.
And so we're gonna put that information
in our API helper module as well.
And we're gonna add a helper for
generating those URLs.
So, first, we'll create export const
media base equals, and the base URL for
these images is https//image.tmdb.org/t/p.
Then we can construct the URLs
themselves by taking in a file path,
which is gonna be a string, and a width,
which is gonna be a number and
returning media_base/w and
then we'll take that width and
we'll add the file path.
Right and we can now use
that helper inside our page.
All right, just import that like so.
We need to get a reference
to the backdrop image.
So first, we'll get all of
the images that belong to the movie.
And that has backdrops, logos, and
a poster image it's the backdrops and
the logo that we want for our hero.
We have a whole bunch of
backdrops that we can pick from.
They have different properties.
Ideally, we wanna get the backdrop
that doesn't have any language on it.
And if you pour over the movie
database documentation,
you will eventually figure out that
the way to do that is to find an image
that doesn't have a language
associated with it.
So the way we do that
is by finding an image
where image.iso_639_1 is undefined.
And if that doesn't exist,
then we'll just grab the first one.
At this point,
it would probably be good to say that
this code is available on GitHub.
So if you're falling behind on the typing,
then you can clone the repo from
GitHub and follow along that way.
Okay, so now we have a backdrop object.
We'll get the backdrop file path.
Pass in a width of 1280.
And hopefully, we'll be able to see that
inside our page once we've added some CSS.
First, of course, we need to add
the hero component to the page.
All right, so
we can now see the Shazam backdrop.
It's a little large, so
we're gonna need to shrink that down.
Add some CSS in the hero component.
Give it a class of backdrop so
that we can target it.
And lastly, we're gonna set
an aspect ratio on this image so
that we don't have layout
shift when this page loads.
If we don't have the aspect
ratio specified,
then initially the image
will take zero height and
all of the content below it will
pop down once the image loads.
And that's not something that we want.
So we're gonna add an inline
style of aspect-ratio, and
that information is helpfully on
the object that we got from the API.
Just gonna copy all of this and
add another image for the logo.
We'll copy that line, backdrop equals sorry
logo equals images logos find and again,
we're gonna use the language, but this
time, we're gonna try and find an English
language one because right now, we're
only concerned with the English language.
Ultimately, we'd like to add some
internationalization to this as well,
but for now,
we're gonna default to English.
All right, it's rendering that down there.
We wanna put it inside the anchor
element on top of the backdrop.
So we're gonna use position absolute,
put it all the way to the left,
all the way to the top,
give it a height of 100% and
a width of let's say, 30%.
And an object fit of contain.
Before this will layout correctly,
we need to add some styles to
the anchor element as well.
Just gonna give that a display of flex.
Right, and
now the image is appearing correctly.
Move that over a little bit so
that it's not butting up
against the edge of the wall.
And we're gonna have
a drop shadow as well,
just in case the text
clashes with the background.
Something like that will make the text
stand out against whatever background
it finds itself on.
Okay, so
our page is starting to take shape.
We wanna add a class to this h1 so
that it's not butting up right
against the edge of the page there.
And you'll recall that in
our global stylesheet,
we have this column CSS property.
I'm gonna add a class down here
that we can use anytime we have
something that we want to have that with,
I'm just gonna call it column.
It's gonna have a width of column, and
then it's gonna have a margin left
of auto and a margin right of auto.
And we're gonna use this
side property as padding so
that it gets moved away from
the side of the screen.
Now that we've got that class,
we can add it to the h1.
Right, and we'll see that the h1
there is now neatly lined up with
the logo in the navigation bar.